Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm not late, am I?
No, no, we're still
waiting on a few people.
Help yourself to a beverage.
- Thank you.
- Hello.
I'll just have a black coffee,
please.
- OK.
- Oh, no, no.
Jackie doesn't work here.
She's our member of the public.
She's actually on the jury.
Gosh, sorry. I didn't mean to...
Oh, that's all right,
I don't mind!
I'm Clive Carol.
Pleased to meet you.
Clive's one of our finest
writers, aren't you?
He won the Breakthrough Talent
Award for television drama.
When was this?
- Oh, a couple of years ago.
- 2003, wasn't it?
Was it that long ago? Yeah,
I suppose it was, actually.
Now,
obviously you'll know Rupert.
Have you two worked together?
No, I'd love to. Huge fan.
Hello.
And this is Gordon Norris.
We know each other.
Hi, Gordon.
It's all a bit bloody pointless,
if you ask me.
We already know who's
going to win, don't we?
What's she called,
the girl who's in everything?
Shona Andrews.
Let's not prejudge.
There's a long way to go yet.
Gordon, I don't know
if you've had a chance
to have a quick read of
that script I sent through?
No, I haven't, Clive.
I'm in post on Doctor Who and I'm
prepping the new Jimmy Nesbitt vehicle,
so I'm a little tied
up at the moment.
Yeah, it's just that Sky are
really, really interested.
And, you know, script by me, directed
by you, that's a really good package.
Yes, Clive. It's on the list,
but it's, er... It's not for now.
Absolutely. I agree.
Whatever you say.
Oh, it's here, April!
We're in here!
Hello, everybody.
Oh,
and I'm Paula and I'm the couch.
Rupert?
God, you're here?
Oh, you got old!
Oh, have you met?
What was your name, sweetheart?
Yes, I know Rupert.
I've interviewed him
on several occasions.
- Hello, again.
- Hello.
- Who is this?
- Got no idea.
Right well, we are all met,
so shall we make a start as there's
a huge amount to get through?
Can I suggest we begin in time-honoured
fashion by just going around the room
and saying who we
are and what we do?
So, I'm Giles Grindlay-Orme,
and I am Associate Chair of the
Television Committee here at the Academy.
I'm June Bright
and I'm an alcoholic.
No!
I'm a journalist and TV critic
for the Sunday Mirror.
Rupert Dennis, actor,
treader of boards,
now old, apparently.
Oh, is it me? I'm Jackie.
I'm a dentist's receptionist.
I've never done anything
like this before.
I won a competition.
Yes, I should point
out the Academy thought
it was very important to
hear the voice of the viewer.
So, this year each jury
has a member of the public
giving us the benefit
of their unique insight.
Gordon?
Oh, yes. Gordon Norris.
Film and TV director.
Clive Carol, scribbler, dreamer.
Also a member of the public.
I did win the
Breakthrough Talent Award.
Yada, yada, yada!
I'm Paula, you all know me.
And I'm here doing
a West End show.
And I've got a costume fitting at
four, so we'd better, you know...
Oh, absolutely,
thank you, Paula.
So, we are here to judge
the Best Actress category.
I have to ask that you have
all watched the performances
up for consideration this year
and that there are no conflicts of
interest that may colour your judgment.
Right, well, let's begin.
As you know, we have a
long list of eight names,
which we need to whittle
down to four nominees.
I'm sure we can get rid of a
few of these pretty quickly.
Zoe Chappell?
No. No. No.
She's off the list.
Tina Waddingham, anyone?
- She was good.
- Not for me.
No, me neither.
Yeah,
I don't think it's her year.
As I thought.
What about Brenda Dobbie?
No!
Ok. That's pretty clear.
Poor Brenda.
- Kelly Marsden?
- Absolutely not.
I don't understand how
she even got on the list.
I've interviewed Kelly.
She's a very clever girl,
believe me. Very ambitious.
Can we keep the discussion just
to her acting ability, please?
Well, in that case,
I thought she was pretty good.
- I liked her.
- Well, that's good enough for me.
Samira Denham?
Terrible. Too young.
Well, you know,
Samira can be good.
She just needs a good director.
I don't know what was
going on with her acting.
She was supposed to
be doing Cockney.
She sounded like
she was Australian.
Yeah, she's shit.
It was like, you know,
"Go down the apples and pears
and get me some jellied eels!"
I'm just agreeing with you,
Gordon.
Yeah, that is so true.
Well, she's gone.
So, by my reckoning that
leaves us with a shortlist of
Shona Andrews, Dame Dorothy Sutton,
Kelly Marsden and Anna Adeyemi.
Is everyone happy with
these four as our nominees?
Yes.
Good. Well, that was painless.
So, what we'll do now is
discuss each one in turn,
then you'll all get a chance to vote
anonymously to determine the winner.
I myself will remain impartial.
OK, let's kick off with Shona.
Who wants to start?
Jackie!
Just brilliant.
She's always brilliant,
isn't she?
You could watch her in anything.
She did that thing a couple of
years ago when she was a nurse.
- What was that called?
- Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Look, I mean,
I've never worked with her.
But the camera loves her.
She's got that 360 range and
she's always, always committed.
- I think she nailed it.
- Paula, would you agree?
Shona Andrews stole my heart.
Moving, truthful, devastating.
This was a different kind
of role for her, wasn't it?
Just talk a little
bit about that.
Well, this was a different kind of
role for her, totally different.
She played, er...
Madam Curry.
Marie Curie.
Yes, the woman who
invented the radio.
And I totally bought it,
the whole package.
Yeah, she is what I call
one of the anointed.
She can do no wrong.
And even though she was 30
years too young for the part,
I have to admit she
was really very good.
Well, what does it
matter how old she is?
She brought Marie
Curie to life for me.
I mean, it was a very
dry and boring subject,
but my ex-partner and
I sat there transfixed.
I never even knew Marie
Curie was a real person.
I thought it was a magazine.
And that made it even more...
..Better, if that's not
a stupid thing to say.
No. No, no, it isn't,
not at all.
It's exactly that kind of observation
we were hoping to get from you, Jackie.
Well done.
I have a problem
with this actress.
She mumbles.
I couldn't make out
half of what she said.
Having said that, I was a
blubbering wreck by the end.
A remarkable performance.
- I agree.
- Oh, great.
- Can we go now?
- No, no, no.
We have to discuss all the nominees,
but let's just put a big tick for now
and move on to Dame Dorothy.
Rupert?
I'm guessing you had no
problems with her diction?
Absolutely not.
Clear as a bell.
I've got a lot of
time for Dotty.
We came up through
the RSC together.
Isn't that a
conflict of interest?
No, we were on nodding terms,
that's all.
She did a lot of nodding,
from what I heard.
- Let's just...
- What's that supposed to mean?
Come on, Rupert. You and
Dame Dotty do have a history.
You can't deny it.
I don't think
a handjob in the car park
of the Dirty Duck in 1976
is going to cloud my judgment.
Well,
it does colour things slightly.
Oh, come off it,
she did it for everybody!
Well, let's not...
Robin Nedwell, Brian Glover...
I think we're going a
little bit off-piste there.
But for the sake of
complete impartiality,
why don't you sit out on this
one, Rupert, if you don't mind?
Fine.
Mumbling girl's going
to win it anyway.
Paula?
Dorothy Sutton stole my heart.
She was perfectly
cast in the role,
which saw her transform from
waspish librarian to
warm-hearted widow
with all the skill
of a seasoned pro.
Hang on, that's my review!
I wrote that for
the Sunday Mirror.
Great minds think alike.
Paula, you have watched all
these performances, haven't you?
Sure, sure, my agent set
me up with all the links.
OK. Gordon, what did you think?
Yeah, I mean, yeah, she's a national
treasure and she's given a lot of people
a lot of pleasure
over the years.
Some more than others,
apparently.
But I feel in this case she
was let down by the script,
which just didn't seem
to go anywhere original.
Yeah, I agree. I agree,
because the script should take
you on a journey, shouldn't it?
So if you read episode one,
you really want to know
what happens in episode two,
and there are many more ideas
that can be explored there.
I will read it, Clive.
Brilliant, no worries.
Let's just remember what this
award is for, Best Actress,
and we should be focusing on
just the elements of performance.
Jackie, let's get the view
from the sofa, as it were.
Are you a Dame Dotty fan?
I love her. She really
reminds me of my grandma.
Apart from the wanking
men off in car parks bit.
But she's always
so funny and so...
..Twinkly, if that's a word?
It is. It is a word.
But it's interesting, because the
character she's played here, Mrs Crabbe,
is actually quite cantankerous
and sour to begin with, isn't she?
Yeah. And that's what
makes her a good actress,
because she's not like
that in real life, is she?
She doesn't suffer fools,
put it that way.
Yeah, she knows what she wants.
In terms of performance,
though, another tick.
Right, next up is Kelly Marsden.
Who wants to talk about Kelly?
Kelly Marsden stole my heart.
- What, again?
- Yes.
All these girls are real,
moving.
I don't want to choose between
them, but we have to, right?
Yes, but based on the performances
that we have all definitely seen.
Absolutely. But let me
just say one thing here.
You cannot judge between
this cup of coffee
or this cup of coffee
or this cup of coffee.
This is tea.
Whatever.
All I mean is all these
girls are real, moving.
They're all uniquely brilliant
and you cannot sit in judgment
of these performances.
Of course we bloody can -
that's what we're here for.
Well, there speaks a man who's
never been up for an award,
- because if you had...
- Excuse me!
Because if you had, you would
know to be entered into a race
you did not choose to enter,
and then to lose...
to Jessica Lange...
Well, that hurts.
Period.
And I know, because when I won
Breakthrough Talent in 2003...
Yeah, Clive, OK...
Sorry, can I just bring
this back to the acting bit?
Yes, thank you,
Jackie, please do.
This Kelly girl,
she made me and my mum cry.
Good. Not good, but... Carry on.
She was just so moving and believable,
I totally cared what happened to her.
She is definitely talented.
I mean, you know, she's auditioned
for me a couple of times,
not got them, obviously,
but, I think,
I think this has just come a
little bit too soon for her.
Is this the flat-chested one?
- Didn't like it.
- Rupert!
Am I not allowed an
opinion on this one either?
Look, Kelly's come
up through the soaps,
and I think they learn
a lot of bad habits.
But, getting back to what
Gordon said, I think he's right.
I think in a couple of years, we
could be looking at a Suranne Jones
or a Sarah Lancashire.
But not yet.
I'm with Gordon on this one,
I'm afraid. I wasn't convinced.
If you're going to be addicted to
gambling, live on a council estate,
you've got to do more than
scrape your hair back,
paint a love bite on, I'm sorry.
OK, OK, so not the most
glowing comments we've had.
I'm just going to put a question
mark next to Kelly for now.
Finally, Anna Adeyemi,
who played Trish in
Channel 4's Clickbait.
Who wants to talk about her?
Gordon.
What are you all
looking at me for?
Just because you are a director and
you may well have some thoughts on...
- The black actress.
- No, no, no, not at all.
She is AN actress
nominated for this award.
Oh,
so it's not the coloured girl?
- What did you...
- It's...
The nominee we are
discussing is Anna Adeyemi.
Anna Adeyemi stole my heart.
I see what this is.
I see what this... I now
understand why I'm on the panel.
It's my unique insight
into all things black.
Not at all. You are here because you
are a valued industry professional,
same as everybody else.
Except Jackie.
Well, we have to have one,
don't we?
I read it somewhere.
- Isn't that right, Giles?
- No, no, no.
- That's not...
- I just can't believe this.
No, what I meant is,
it's a good thing.
We ought to have one.
Bloody hell. They damn you if
you do, damn you if you don't.
Rupert, stop it now.
Look, it is not my fault that Idris
Elba didn't make a TV show this year,
so you can all tick your little
diversity box and have at it.
- Oh, come on!
- You know what? This is bullshit.
- I'm leaving.
- No, no, no.
I am leaving! I'm leaving!
We need you on this panel.
Hear, hear.
Fine.
Fine, Giles.
But let it be known that I do not
want to go first in this discussion.
Understood.
Thank you.
Clive.
What did you think of
Anna's performance?
I think she...
..Was...
..Brilliant.
Actually. It's a very contemporary
story, very well told.
She brought great authenticity
to that world, it was fantastic.
- Jackie.
- Again, really, really good.
I actually couldn't
see her acting.
And that really added to
the storyline, in my eyes.
Well, we already know
what Paula thinks.
June.
I've always loved her.
I've given her two
thumbs up in the past.
Isn't that a
conflict-of-interest?
I'd be very happy if
she got this award.
Rupert,
what did you make of Anna?
Truthfully, I wasn't that
impressed, I'm afraid to say.
Another mumbler.
I found her very wooden,
unsympathetic, woefully miscast.
I'm sorry, but there it is.
All right. And, er...
..Finally, Gordon.
I Well, I have to say
that I agree with, erm...
..With Rupert.
I thought she was
out of her depth.
She didn't quite have
the emotional range
and I felt that she fell far
short of what was required.
Yep, I agree. Can see that.
Wait a minute, you said you thought
she was brilliant, like, a second ago.
Well,
I'm allowed to change my mind.
Gordon's made some really
interesting points.
And how could you say she
lacked the emotional range?
She went through
the mill in this.
I don't know, June.
How could you say
my direction of Hotel
Babylon gave you a headache?
I never said that.
"Gordon Morris directs
like a toddler with ADHD
and his showy camera moves 'had
me reaching for the paracetamol
- in the first ten minutes."
- I think that's...
Like I said, Gordon, it's water
under the bridge. It doesn't matter.
Yeah... it doesn't matter, cos
nothing that you do matters, June.
What's that supposed to mean?
- You don't have to answer that, Gordon.
- No, I want to answer it.
- Let him speak.
- You, you are a parasite.
Jackie has more to
contribute than you.
Leave it, honey. You only ever
remember your bad reviews.
You must have a
bloody good memory.
Fuck you, you withered asshole.
All right, everybody,
please, let's just, er...
Let's just calm down.
I suggest we take a
five-minute break, come back.
And, if we can, choose a winner.
Just going for a
pee and a ciggy.
I'm sorry about that, old chap.
Crossed wires, I think.
- No offence.
- It's fine.
Jesus.
Bit awkward, wasn't it?
Yeah, he's apologised,
it's fine.
Just so you know, there's going to be
lots of diversity in Blood Oranges.
- Blood Oranges?
- My script.
- I know you haven't read it.
- Oh, yeah, yeah, no, no, I haven't.
Well, when you do, just bear in mind
that any of the characters could be...
..diversified.
What do you mean?
Just that if there's anything you
don't like or you don't agree with,
I don't mind changing it.
Clive, you're not supposed to
feel that about your own script.
You're supposed to
be protective of it.
I want a writer that totally
believes in their work.
But I am, I do.
But, equally, I don't mind
completely changing it
if it means it'll get made.
You all right?
Yes.
Just having a little think.
So, how did you win this
competition, Jackie?
I had to write a pretend
review of a programme.
what did you choose?
- Bake Off.
- Oh, yeah, I reviewed that once.
I did the whole thing
as if it were a recipe.
Take two ripe presenters,
that sort of thing.
Sounds good.
I'd love to have your job.
Do you enjoy it?
Well,
I'm invited to every premiere.
I'm at every awards ceremony.
I get to walk the red
carpet alongside the stars.
I get to visit the sets of
all my favourite TV shows,
sitting in the corner.
Watching these...
..amazing things.
And... I've got nothing
to do with any of it.
He's right.
I'm the loneliest
woman in the world.
So, Paula, how's the play going?
It's a piece of shit, honey.
What theatre are you in?
the Trafalgar Studios,
that's West End, right?
Yes, technically.
- Who's directing it?
- Nobody, that's the problem.
But we'll get through it.
That's what we do.
So, um, I've just been
speaking to your agent.
She said she did send through
a link to the viewing portal.
That's right.
She also gave you some notes
about each of the nominees.
What are you getting at, Giles?
Shit, or get off the pot.
Just that it is a requirement, as
per the declaration you signed,
that you have actually watched
the performances we're discussing.
Don't worry about that.
I know all these bitches.
I don't know who they are,
but they're types.
The star, the dame, the girl
next door, and the ingenue.
- I don't think...
- Honey, I vote in the Academy Awards.
I picked the best film nine
times in the past ten years,
and I've never seen a
motherfucking one of those movies.
So trust me, hmm?
I got this.
I've just bumped
into Wayne Sleep.
He's on the panel for Reality and
Constructed Factual, whatever that is.
I'll tell you what that is.
That is a continuing drama without the
need of a scriptwriter, apparently.
It's like improv,
with real people.
What, you mean they give you
an award for eavesdropping?
I'm afraid so, yeah.
Right, well,
shall we all reconvene?
I just want to remind
everybody of the categories.
This is Best Performance by
an Actress in a Leading Role.
Now, do we feel like we
are perhaps in a position
to eliminate a couple of the candidates,
turn it into a two-horse race?
Absolutely. Ditch the two younger
ones, it's too soon for them.
It'll only screw
up their careers.
That's the spirit, Paula.
You were never one for sending
the lift back down, were you?
Fuck that, they can use
the stairs, like I did.
Anyone else agree that we
should lose Kelly and Anna?
Anna, yes. Kelly, no.
I dunno, I like them all.
It's so hard, isn't it?
Well, can we all at least
agree on keeping Shona?
Everyone seemed to like her.
Er, yes, just looking at some of
the comments, she was "truthful",
it was "a remarkable performance",
someone said she stole their heart.
I think we all
know who that was.
Jackie said she's always
brilliant in every part she plays.
Yep, again, anointed.
She's brilliant in everything, she
also wins awards for everything.
She won for Best Actress
last year, didn't she?
She did, but that must
not affect our decision.
Wait a minute,
she won last year?
I didn't know that.
Well, that changes everything.
Yeah, and if I remember rightly,
she was hardly in it.
She won it because she's Shona Andrews
and it is completely unacceptable
to not give her an award if she's
been in a programme that year.
Oh come on, that's not fair, she wins
because she's an exceptional talent.
I'm not denying that, but equally
my heart would sink a little bit
if I was watching this on
telly and she gets up again.
- He's got a point.
- I agree, it's too much.
Oh, guys, this is rubbish.
All I am saying is can we be the jury
that doesn't just hand the award to
Shona Andrews
simply for existing?
Well, let's take a vote.
All those in favour of
removing Shona from the list.
Well, that's a majority.
Shona is off the list.
Though still a very great
honour to be nominated.
Right, if we could lose one
more, that would be great.
let's recap what
was said about Anna.
Rupert wasn't impressed,
thought she was another mumbler.
Clive said she was fantastic,
great authenticity.
Gordon thought she
was out of her depth.
Clive then changed his mind
and agreed with Gordon.
- I'm allowed.
- Yeah, she's gone, let's wrap this up.
You can't hurry this, these
are such important decisions.
Yeah, cos I can't wait to find
out who won Constructed Reality
Right, well,
let's put it this way, then.
Does anybody think Anna
gave the best performance?
In that case, she's another worthy
nominee, but not our winner.
So, it comes down to these two.
Dame Dorothy, "A national treasure",
"Twinkly", stole Paula's heart,
and Kelly also
stole Paula's heart.
- They all did.
- "Very moving",
"Flat-chested" -
not sure that's really relevant.
A bit soapy, perhaps, but - and
this is very important, I think -
she did make Jackie
and her mum cry.
Well, that just about nails it,
then.
So, can we take a quick show of hands,
just to get the temperature of the room?
All those for Kelly.
And for Dame Dorothy?
So, both ladies have
three votes each.
Oh, Jesus Christ,
I just requested my Uber.
Can we not call them ladies,
please? It's really patronising.
- What are they then, kangaroos?
- They're actors.
- Well, actresses.
- I don't like that either.
OK, you know what? I switch.
- Sorry?
- Who did I vote for?
Just change it to the other one.
All right, so now it's four
to Kelly and two to Dorothy.
You can't do that,
Paula, that's unfair.
Watch me.
Well, hold on, if she's changing to
Kelly, I'm changing to Dame Dotty.
- Oh, for goodness' sake.
- So, it's back to three-all.
Yes,
I switch to Dorothy as well.
Now that's four to
Dorothy and two to Kelly.
For God's sake, Clive, will
you stand on your own two feet?
- But I'm agreeing with you.
- Well, don't.
I'm not going to do your script,
OK?
- What?
- Blood Oranges, I read it last night.
It's just a rehash of Spooks,
it's shit.
Well, which bit? I'll change it.
- All of it.
- Well, I switch to Kelly, then.
You have to respect the process.
And it's three-all again.
Can we just do the final vote,
please?
Khalid is two minutes away.
Why don't you just
give it to Dotty?
I thought you already had.
Exactly,
his vote shouldn't be counted.
Oh, yes, so that's two to
Dorothy and three to Kelly.
What a load of bollocks.
If you don't want the professional
opinion, 50 years' experience,
you may as well ask some witless
couch potato who they want to win.
Well, we do have Jackie with us.
Jackie, is there anything you'd
like to add to the debate?
No, it's all right.
Every opinion is valid.
Even yours.
I'm not clever like all of you.
I didn't realise you had to think
about all these other outside things,
like how old they are, or how
many other awards they've won...
..Or who's popular
in the industry.
It's not fair on the ladies -
sorry, the actors -
to have someone like
me passing judgment.
I think I'm just going to go and leave
you all to it, if you don't mind.
I've made a fool of myself.
I'm so sorry.
Well, that's what happens
when you invite the public.
Right, erm, shall we dish
out the electronic devices?
Remember, these will
lock in your final vote.
As there are only five of you
left, there's no chance of a tie.
Well, I've got to go.
It's been a pleasure.
If you want a lousy
night at the theatre,
come to the Trafalgar
Studios next month
and help me drown my sorrows
in the bar afterwards.
Yes, I'd love to do that.
We should swap numbers.
Well, I've got a screening
to get to, so, er...
Keep up the good work, everyone.
Can't wait to see
what you all do next.
Anyone fancy a swift debriefing session
down at the Coach and Horses? Gordon?
No, thanks.
If Shona Andrews passes,
let's try Kelly Marsden.
I'll come. Er, I've not got
much cash on me at the moment.
Typical bloody writer,
I'll treat you.
There's actually a
part in Blood Oranges
you would be perfect for,
if you wouldn't mind reading it.
- Oh, yes? - It's a 30-year-old
Japanese woman at the moment,
but I don't mind changing it...
Sorry, forgot my phone.
Oh, Jackie.
I hope that wasn't
too bruising for you.
These artistic types can be fairly
temperamental, as I'm sure you're aware.
So, do you know who won?
Yes,
and I think you'll be satisfied.
Let's just say they voted with their
hearts rather than their heads,
and part of that is down to you,
so well done.
Cheerio.
No, Giles.
It's because I'm
the best actress.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org